Tell me again. where is the money?
I left it at the drop.
- Keep lying.
- It's the truth.
If the money is gone. it
is your men who took it.
A gift.
It's ok. Daniel. It's ok.
Open it. You will understand.
No. please. Please. no.
- No! No! No!
- Your son was still at school.
He did not see this.
I am only going to ask you one last time.
Where is the money?
I don't know!
Please. please. please don't hurt him.
Please. promise me
you will not hurt my son!
Everyone steals a little here and there.
but that money was
needed to buy the materials
our brothers requested.
This is why I'm changing
your assignment.
I'm sending you to america. aleks.
We need to complete the transaction.
We need this money. No more mistakes.
- No more mistakes.
- We leave immediately.
I will do what I'm told.
Clean this up.
Time to go.
Agent Colin glass.
have you ever told a lie?
Are you serious?
Yes or no?
Well. isn't that the
job description of CIA?
Yes or no?
- Yes.
- Have you betrayed anyone?
- Are you eating ok?
Yes. Mom. I'm a special
agent with the FBI.
I'm eating just fine.
Have you ever been posted
to mindanao in the Philippines?
Well. you know the
answer to that question.
I'd like to hear it from you.
Yes.
13 months ago in
mindanao. was your partner.
Toni napier. killed in an
explosion at the Burma bar?
Yes.
One month after Tony was killed.
did you request a transfer to NY station?
I did. yes.
Do you like working
with your new partner.
agent bill Goodman?
Yes.
I... I mean. he can. you know.
be a little judgmental and
uptight and by the book.
but he's fine. I suppose.
I'm gonna need a yes or no answer.
Put me down for a yes.
Does agent Goodman know
that your previous partner
- died in the field?
- No.
Did you travel four months
ago to red lodge. Montana?
Yes.
Are you currently engaged
in a romantic relationship?
No.
Yes. we met with the oncologist.
The second opinion? What did he say?
He agrees there's a lot of success
with stem cell
transplants. He's optimistic.
That's wonderful.
Strangest thing is. is that
I'm actually feeling great.
Yeah.
Go figure.
I can't even get him
to take more time off.
especially when his
students just sent him a card
- begging him to come back.
- Well. I'm glad to hear that.
And so you both know.
I did start the process of being matched.
I actually should have my results today.
Don't worry about that. sweetie.
We know you're busy.
Uncle Stan is testing.
I know. mom. He's older.
And. dad. I really want to do this for you.
We don't want you
worrying about me. son.
How's the new assignment?
What's your new partner like?
Complicated.
The partner or the job?
Both.
Hey. did you know I was
getting swirled this morning?
No.
When was the last time you were boxed?
Nine months. You don't think that...
they know about our
little scavenger hunt?
I don't. but I do think that
we should compare notes.
Well. my side of the street is clean.
Colin. you've been looking for an answer
for a year. I miss Toni.
I know that she was your partner.
but there is no mole.
Toni's just dead for no good reason.
You have to stop looking for one.
- Morning.
- Morning. bill.
- Hi.
- Briefing in five.
Sure.
I got a heads-up from Poland's abw
about a Belarusian national.
male. 40s. headed to jfk.
Aleks kovadenko. 42. from Minsk.
originally. hopped on
a deutschewing flight
this morning from Bulgaria
to Frankfurt. Frankfurt to jfk.
So. what. is he on a watch list?
According to MI6. kovadenko
is a member of the path.
Neo-Nazi accelerationists.
They target muslims. Jews.
immigrants. people of color.
and the lgbtq+ community.
Yep. their job is to come in. cause chaos.
overthrow governments. and install
white supremacists ethnostates.
These are the guys
that took out that mosque
in New Zealand last year.
Yeah. in '23. we arrested a group
of them for planning to blow up
a New Jersey electrical station.
And what's aleks' specialty?
He was recruited out of foster care.
He was questioned after a rabbi
and his wife were bludgeoned
to death in Kyiv ten years ago.
No arrests were made in the end.
Ok. so violence is his specialty.
- Well. it used to be.
- He's moved up in their ranks.
They're hierarchical.
Love a hate group with an org chart.
- What's he doing in New York?
- That's an excellent question.
He's never been to the U.S. before.
So if he's here. that means he could be
scouting a terror group.
Or he could be buying pokémon cards.
We intend to find out.
Looks like he's arriving
on flight 404 at 9:30.
- terminal one.
- All right.
Can't wait.
- Gina.
- Yeah?
I might need you for this one.
- Ok.
- Yeah.
Seeing a bunch of deutsch wing bags.
No sign of him yet.
Ok. he's probably still
going through customs.
He's out.
He's with a woman.
young. maybe early 20s.
She's clutching her stomach and in pain.
- Headed your way.
- Yeah. we got eyes on them.
They're getting into an ambulance.
- We'll follow.
- It'll be St. Simon's.
They service jfk.
Thank you.
Two of them went up to maternity.
- Turns out she's in early labor.
- Really?
- Did you get her name?
- No. hip a a laws.
- He drew the line at that.
- Good for him.
Ok. why don't I see if I
can go and get admissions
to bend the rules. and
you go up to maternity
and pretend to be an expectant father?
- What? I can't...
- what. strike up a conversation?
It's just two anxious dads
sharing a life-changing moment.
Well. you've got the anxious part down.
Why don't you?
Because. bill. this is so
far outside my wheelhouse.
not even I can pull this one off.
No argument there.
- First-time dad?
- Yeah.
Hey. congratulations. Me too.
My wife. she's having a c-section.
Ok.
- Where are you from?
- Belarus.
- Wow. never been.
- Is it...
Mr. Kovadenko. you have a beautiful boy.
- And your girlfriend is...
- He's healthy? How big?
He's 6 pounds. 5 ounces.
- Would you like to see Sophia?
- Where's the baby?
Ok. well. he's just getting to nicu.
and his mom is still sedated.
First name. Sophia. last name. ankov.
Check the passenger
manifest. Check with customs.
Get everything you
can. ok? Thanks. Gina.
- Anything?
- Yeah. She had a boy.
It was weird. He had zero interest in her.
- Just the baby.
- Ok. So. what?
- We don't think it's his then?
- No. doubt it. Hard to tell.
- I did record this.
- Check you.
"Tell her it's almost a miracle.
but she'll need to move fast."
Then he says something I can't translate.
Did he come back here with the baby.
- the father?
- No.
My god.
- Did you see that man leave?
- FBI. what happened?
That man. the one that was right here...
- kovadenko?
- Yes.
The baby's gone from the bassinet.
- He cut the ID tag off.
- Ok. did you see him go past?
Yeah. he was just here a minute ago.
Was he... was he carrying anything?
A duffel bag.
Said he was going to the cafeteria.
We have to shut this place down now.
Call an Amber alert.
- This is a code pink.
- Repeating. we have a code pink.
Hey! Hey!
So aleks kovadenko brought
a pregnant woman with him
and then stole her newborn baby?
Sadly. yes.
This is not how I thought
my day was going to go.
Ok. so what do we know
about the new mother?
Sophia ankov. 20. from
gorna bela rechka. Bulgaria.
No criminal history. but
she did lie to customs
- about how pregnant she was.
- Ok. Is she in the path?
Does she have a
boyfriend. brothers. sisters?
Not according to our sources.
She has no known associates affiliated
with the path back home.
NYPD did put out an
Amber alert on the baby.
and the hospital said that
he was born premature
with a high bilirubin.
Well. he's gonna need
medical intervention.
The question is. what
is a suspected terrorist
- doing stealing a newborn baby?
- Yeah.
And we're gonna have to
find this guy. because none
- of this is adding up for me.
- Yeah.
So do you know how we
can get in touch with aleks?
No. I want to find him too.
- Is he the baby's father?
- No.
Ok. so how... how do you know him?
Where's my baby?
Agent Goodman. may I?
This is Andy from social services.
- He's here to help.
- Thank you.
Hey. Sophia.
I'm... I'm so sorry about all of this.
You're not in any trouble.
I just. would like to know.
do you know if there's
any reason why aleks
- would take your baby?
- Because I changed my mind.
I agreed to give my baby up.
Aleks was supposed to pay me $2.000.
So you sold your baby for $2.000?
Other women in my
village only get 1.000.
You don't understand.
I don't have money to... to feed a child.
But in the ambulance. I
told aleks I changed my mind.
I won't give him up. And
so... and so he took him.
Ok. Ok. here.
If you help us find aleks.
we'll get your baby back.
All right?
Aleks promised my baby
will have a better life in america.
And now he's gone.
and I have nowhere to go.
Ok. Ok.
That's about... that's about $1.800.
- Who are you?
- I'm here to help you. ok?
We are here to help you.
If you sign here. we'll get your baby back.
You help us find aleks.
you can have the money.
He told me a woman
wanted to adopt my baby.
I talked to her.
Do you have a name or
an address for this lady?
Stephanie Harris.
And where she lived. it...
it was a palace. and a
baby room fit for a king.
Ok.
Thank you. Sophia.
Do you recognize him. Ms. Harris?
Yes. that's. aleks kovadenko.
He runs or owns the adoption
agency I'm working with.
Ok. and you paid for an adoption?
Yes. I wired him money for a baby boy
who's gonna be born
in the next few weeks.
Ok.
If you don't mind me asking. how much?
- $100.000.
- Ooh. that's steep.
Is that all in advance?
That's the advance.
It's another 50.000 once I get the baby.
It's almost impossible to
adopt in the last few years.
I tried China. Korea. Ethiopia.
So many countries have
ended their programs.
Yeah. my sister just went through this.
There was just too many
abuses of these programs.
fraud. unethical practices.
Is... is that why you're here?
No. it's a bit more complicated than that.
What's going on?
Well. the... the woman
that you spoke to on zoom.
she actually gave birth
to the baby this morning.
- That's early.
- Is Sophia ok?
Yes. she is.
But. aleks. well. he
disappeared with the baby.
He took him from the hospital?
Yeah.
- My god.
- Is the baby ok?
Well. we don't know.
That's what we'd like to find out.
Do you have any idea where
aleks might have taken him?
- I... i...
- I don't really know him.
I have his business
card. but. I don't know
- where he lives or anything.
- Ok. thank you.
Could you run us through
how you first met aleks?
Yes. on his adoption website.
He coached me on how to
make a video that would be posted
on the site for pregnant mothers
to pick the best parents for their child.
Liz said that Sophia watched my video
and she chose me for her baby.
And who's Liz?
Elizabeth Johnson.
she's the adoption attorney
that works with aleks.
Ok.
I told you. counselor Johnson isn't here.
Well. we do need to speak
with her as soon as possible.
I'll let her know as soon as she calls in.
And when will that be. exactly?
I don't know.
You're welcome to come
back later. if you'd like.
- Recognize him?
- Don't think so.
I'm really sorry.
Do you have a restroom
I could use here?
- Over there.
- Thank you.
I doubt there's enough for a warrant.
especially of a lawyer's office.
Well. it's a good job I
got this then. isn't it?
Where did you get that? Never mind.
It's all the files from her desktop.
Well. that's just great. Colin.
- Yeah. I know. thanks.
- I just sent them to Gina.
- Well. we can't use it.
- You obtained it illegally.
- It doesn't matter.
- Of course. it matters.
She's an American citizen
and a lawyer. no less.
Well. she might be Canadian.
Well. I saw the open calendar
on her secretary's desk.
She's due in civil court at 4:00 today.
- Yeah?
- Hey.
Hey.
So I sent that recording over
to our linguistics department.
you know. the one that.
like. we had that missing
piece from aleks's phone call
and Colin tried to translate it.
Yeah. I'm listening.
Ok. well. the reason
that he couldn't translate it
was because kovadenko
was using military code words.
- Well. get to it. Gina.
- Right.
He said. "the attacks will not be delayed."
So that's why they sent him here.
to bring their fight to New York.
Mom. I know there's something you're
not telling me about dad.
Please call me back.
All right. love you.
The defendant's careless actions
are directly responsible.
The floor in question
was wet and slippery.
We've just seen clear
evidence to the contrary.
So unless you and your client...
Even if it wasn't wet. your honor.
- it was still slippery.
- Have proof disputing...
everything ok?
So-so. My... my dad's... he's sick.
Wow. sorry.
Sorry to hear that. mate.
- You guys. you're close then?
- Let's put it this way.
Other kids would complain
they never saw their dads.
I can't think of a thing he missed.
He rearranged his
schedule to be at everything
for me. coached my teams.
He even switched schools
so he could teach at mine.
Wow. you're lucky.
- Elizabeth Johnson?
- Yeah. Who's asking?
What?
Recognize him?
What is this about?
I just want to ask you some questions
about aleks kovadenko and her.
Yeah. she's a surrogate for a couple
who changed their mind.
Aleks and I agreed to find another couple
to adopt her baby.
Except there never was a
surrogate couple. was there?
You made that story
up for Stephanie Harris.
Everything was legal.
Sophia knowingly
relinquished her parental rights.
Well. she said aleks agreed
to pay her for her baby.
Yeah. that's how surrogacy works.
Well. here's the thing. Elizabeth.
Aleks never paid her.
Instead. he stole the baby.
I don't know anything about that.
Well. did you know aleks is a
member of a terrorist group?
My... is terrorism funny to you?
- Yeah. it's hilarious.
- This is what you guys do.
You just make stuff
up. Get out of my face.
The group he belongs to has killed
a lot of innocent people.
I think you need to tell us where he is.
I think you need to back off!
I'm gonna do what I tell my clients...
don't speak to the police.
If you had something
on me. I'd be in cuffs.
Have a nice day.
I'd quite like to put her in cuffs.
I will love your baby with
every ounce of my being.
No one will love your
baby as much as I do.
There's three dozen
more videos of people
desperate to become parents.
I mean. promising everything
from annual Disney vacations
- to daily play dates.
- Annual?
There aren't enough bullets
in the world. thank you.
This is huge.
Stephanie Harris and
all these rich Americans
are paying 150 grand to buy babies from
racially motivated terrorists.
When the FBI made those arrests in '23.
we never figured out how
they were funding their activities.
So we follow the money.
Or we follow the girl.
Hospital just reported
that Sophia ankov is awol.
She might know more.
She might be going after her baby.
She might lead us to aleks.
Go find her now.
Gina. the path is hierarchical.
Aleks was not doing this alone.
He had a getaway driver
waiting for him at the hospital.
He's leaving loose
ends around for a reason.
You find that car. You find that driver.
I want any detail. no matter how small.
You got it.
Honestly. the poor girl was very
upset after her son was taken.
She knows he needs medical attention.
She was really worried.
- Did she have any visitors?
- No.
Have you seen other
women from overseas
coming in like this giving birth?
Are you kidding? More and more.
And you're a city hospital.
so you have to take them.
Exactly. You know a lot about this.
Yeah. my mom. she's
a nurse. too. Cleveland.
Bet it happens there. too.
Did any of these women
come in with the same man
- or use the same address?
- Yes.
I did flag that two of the women
recently had the same address.
- Can we get that address?
- Sorry. but hip a a laws.
We're not allowed to
give out that information.
- Of course.
- Excuse me.
I think she liked you.
- What are you talking about?
- She totally did. She did.
Why don't you save us some time.
go talk to her and see if
you can get the address?
As I recall. seducing women
to get information is
your area of expertise.
All right. fine.
You go wait in the
car. I'll go be charming.
The truth is. your father's
putting on a brave face.
but he's not doing well.
The doctors aren't sure
how much time he's got left.
But please don't worry.
He's made peace with the situation.
- Mission accomplished.
- Sorry.
I'm not interrupting. am I?
No. I was just catching up with my mom.
Hi. bill's mum. Colin.
Nice to meet you. Colin.
So you're the one responsible
for this reprobate. are you?
Afraid so.
I... I'm the annoying new partner.
Bill says you're very nice.
Does he?
He's a better liar than I thought.
So. come on. give me
some gossip on him.
something juicy I can use.
He was just about as
perfect as you could get.
- Aw.
- Like father. like son?
Gotta go. mom. I'll call you later.
- Did you get an address?
- Yeah.
All I had to do was
promise you'd take her out.
So you're going to zero
bond tomorrow night.
Are you crazy? I'm engaged.
Well. so you say.
There's something wrong with you.
Bill. I'm joking.
I used patriotic duty.
Let's go. Cooper Avenue. glendale.
FBI. open up.
What's the problem?
- Well. this is. for one.
- What do you want?
We're looking for aleks kovadenko.
- I don't know who that is.
- Roger that.
Transport him.
My god.
It's a baby factory.
We're looking for aleks.
Has anyone seen aleks?
What about Sophia?
Sophia ankov?
She come morning. looking for son.
Is her son here?
Well. where is she? Where is she now?
Thank you.
Sophia.
Sophia!
Sophia. we're here to help.
Man.
- Crime scene has it.
- Thank you.
You take her statement. Thanks.
- Sex industry...
- Sex worker. it's ok.
For the money.
The Russians had bombed
my house. killed my husband.
With the money I get
from carrying a baby.
I can move my family
further away from the fighting.
Ok.
- And how much did he pay you?
- $1.000.
Have you... have you seen aleks today?
Earlier.
Thank you.
Aleks said if I didn't agree.
then he would kill my family.
And he brought you to
New York to have the baby?
Yeah.
But she was stillborn.
That's why he wouldn't pay me.
Please. can you tell me what happened
to that woman upstairs?
This is Birmingham.
Alabama this morning.
five confirmed dead.
The path took credit for it.
Anonymous tip phoned in to CNN.
We've got intel from Langley that they're
planning more terror
attacks here in New York.
There's no details yet.
Where are we with kovadenko?
We haven't located him yet.
but it looks like he
strangled Sophia ankov.
according to the me's
preliminary assessment.
Yeah. her time of death
coincides with the time
aleks was in the house.
When you find him.
and I know that you will.
I want him to pay.
We got the car. the
getaway car from the hospital.
NYPD spotted it speeding
off linden boulevard.
They lost it and then found it abandoned.
Any leads on aleks or the driver?
Nope. just the car.
FBI's got his lawyer down at 26 fed for
adoption fraud and child trafficking.
We can take a run at her.
see if aleks has reached out.
You got it all wrong.
Aleks is not a Neo-Nazi.
He is literally raising
funds to help poor children
affected by Russia's war in Ukraine.
Well. he lied.
The group he belongs
to has carried out racist
terror activities across the globe.
This is Birmingham. Alabama.
and we have intel that
there are more attacks
planned here in New York.
And that baby that he stole is very sick.
And if it dies. well. I can't imagine
even the best lawyer
would be able to sell
your innocence to a jury.
Even you know that.
What do you want me to do?
We need aleks. We need his driver.
We need to find them now.
- You did everything you could.
- We were too late.
We tracked the phone
number that the lawyer gave us.
We ID'd the driver. and
clearly he had other plans.
We tracked him to
here and then lost him.
And then he must have
ditched his cell phone after...
This was St. albans grace
and jazz baptist church...
three dead. eight injured.
Homeless people were
housed in the basement.
We didn't know.
I mean. there was no time.
Has the path taken
credit. online. anything?
No. Nothing yet.
We know kovadenko runs an illegal
adoption ring in Belarus and Ukraine.
All the proceeds go to the
path to run their terror activities.
Right now they have a baby. a sick baby.
that they have failed to
get into the hands of a client.
So we think he's still in
New York with the baby.
hoping to get the rest of the
money from Stephanie Harris?
Well. he hasn't pinged
at any airports or mta.
So Stephanie Harris
is our nexus right now.
A sting op?
I mean. we've got a desperate buyer
and a desperate seller to work.
Bill. you have a rapport with her.
Have you been in contact
with aleks since we spoke last?
He texted yesterday.
He told me the baby's mother had died.
he told me the baby
had health problems.
and he said he needed
more money for the hospital.
Why didn't you tell us?
He said if I told anyone.
I would never hear from him again.
- And did you send the money?
- Not yet.
Ok. right now this baby
is running out of time.
What are you saying?
Well. he has high
bilirubin. and untreated.
it can cause complications in his brain.
Now we can save him. but
we need you to work with us.
What would I have to do?
Well. we would help you
set up a meeting with aleks
to arrange an exchange
for the baby for the money.
You want me to be undercover?
All you'd have to do is wear a
wire. and we would be nearby.
God. I... I should be... I
should be worried. right?
I mean. you don't... you don't think that
Sophia killed herself. do you?
No. we believe aleks is
responsible for her death.
My god. the man is a monster.
And with your help. we can get him.
No. you don't have
to do anything special.
The recording device will
give us everything we need.
What if he doesn't answer the text?
He'll respond.
He's in it for the money.
Do you think there's any chance
I'll still be able to adopt the baby?
Well. we don't know. Maybe.
But. Sophia might have relatives
who might want to adopt him.
- Of course.
- Yeah.
- Excuse me for one second.
How are we looking?
We put a tracker in the envelope seam.
and I hid one inside
one of the bill stacks.
Text from aleks.
"Meet me at 89th street
and riverside at noon.
Come alone or you will
never see the baby alive."
I don't see him.
Stay calm.
We've got your back.
Text from aleks.
"Put the money under the park bench."
Do as he says.
I don't like that we can't see him.
Yeah.
Another text.
"Walk over to the street lamp
and wait for my instructions."
Ok. Stephanie. answer the text.
- Ok...
- "There's $75.000 in the envelope."
"The other $75.000 is in escrow with Liz.
You get it when I get the baby."
Eyes. eyes. 2:00.
There's that black duffel again.
I hope the baby's inside.
Go. go. go. go. go. go. go. go. go. go.
- Whoa!
- Hey!
- What's he doing?
- Hey. bro. hey!
- Stop!
- Ok.
- Where is he?
There's just... what'd
he do with the baby?
Where's the baby?
- Gina?
- Yeah?
The tracker you put
in the cash. link us up.
You got it.
Let's go.
Signal's weak.
There's a few buses going to Canada.
- Start with those.
- Copy.
- Move.
- Sorry. mate.
My god!
Everybody down!
Don't move!
I've got to get one of those.
Cuff him... tight.
Where's the baby?
Get him out of here.
Hold on. hold on. hold on.
Gotcha.
- Take him away.
- Come on.
- We're 0 for 3.
How many more locations left?
All right. yeah. he's been traveling.
Three more. not including this one.
And the house is... Up here on the right.
FBI. open up.
- Do you know aleks?
- Ok.
We're looking for a baby that
he might have brought
here. It's a newborn.
He dropped off a baby boy two days ago.
I'm so sorry.
I've tried everything.
He stopped eating.
I'm sorry.
I tried.
He's still breathing.
- He's alive.
- Ok.
- Let's get him out of here.
- Let's go.
Get NYPD and social services here now.
- What about an ambulance?
- We haven't got time.
We need to get to a hospital now.
And we hear he's doing better already.
Yeah. he was dehydrated.
And he has hemolytic
disease. but it's treatable.
His levels are already
getting closer to normal.
Great.
The nurse said that they may be able
to release him by this weekend.
but they don't know to who.
Well. we spoke to social services.
We suggested you
be a strong candidate.
Thank you.
Did you find out if Sophia
had family who might want him?
- Or...
- We've been searching. but so far it seems
Sophia was an orphan herself.
Poor woman.
Well. I hope it doesn't
make me a horrible person.
but I guess that means that
he and I really have a chance.
If it works out when he gets older.
you can tell him how
you helped save his life.
Hey. there you are.
Can you come here for a sec?
I heard the feds are
arraigning aleks tomorrow.
I suppose you want to try
to turn him into an asset.
That would never happen.
He's far too committed to the cause.
Are you sure?
Aleks's location history.
One address we didn't
get to. jttf just raided it.
It's a warehouse in green point filled
with enough ammunition and grenades
to outfit a small army.
You recognize those guys?
Yeah. the guys we lost
at the church bombing.
They're talking?
The path mapped out a series of attacks
for them to carry out.
A mosque in paterson. New Jersey.
They were targeting the next holy day.
And blueprints of two synagogues
in Brooklyn on a laptop.
All funded by kovadenko's
adoption network?
Yeah. it looks that way.
Bill. today was a win.
We found a baby a loving home
and shut down a major
threat in New York.
Hey. Colin is. buying drinks.
- if you're interested.
- Yeah. I'll catch up.
FBI paperwork... the
gift that keeps on giving.
I'll take your word for it.
- Good night.
- Night.
When did she say that?
She said it on Sunday. but on Monday...
- that makes more sense.
- Every Thursday.
This place is cool.
They brew their own?
Yeah. they do. They do.
- Can I see that menu?
- No. no. don't bother.
I'll get you what we're having.
Can I get one more of these Brooklyn
artisanal whatevers. please?
- Thanks.
- What's up with him?
He's a little testy because
they don't carry stout.
Sorry.
You got through your paperwork quickly.
What's that?
News flash. bill didn't
have any paperwork.
- Wow.
- Bill lied to us.
Well. not exactly. I had a little paperwork.
And I checked in on my dad.
Sorry. mate.
All good.
He's gonna be all right. you know?
Yeah.
He is.
And so are you. mate.
Cheers.
- Cheers.